Associate Membership to Life in Christ is available! This provides spiritual care while you are away from your home congregation. See Pastor Watt for details.Announcements for the bulletin and the announcement display are due by Thursday evening.Our Circuit Visitor Rev. Matthew Kohl will be visiting June 13 at 6:30pm. We will have an informal meeting at 6:30pm. Please mark your calendars and plan to talk about our congregation / circuit / district and synod. Please save your gently-used household items for the new store (in the Birchbark building downtown). We hope to start donations in May.
If you'd like to volunteer in the store, you'll earn credit toward a donation to your favorite local nonprofits. (Last year $20+/hour)
Contact us at 1stand2nd@boreal.orgGreeting Cards for Confirmation, Graduation, Mothers Day, and Fathers Day are available on the table at the Church entrance. Proceeds go to LiC LWML.
EXPERT GUESTS, EXPANSIVE TOPICS, EXTOLLING CHRIST… Issues, Etc. is a radio show and podcast produced by Lutheran Public Radio, hosted by Rev. Todd Wilken.  This week's teachings include: 
Putting Children at the Center of Family Policy; 
Responding to Unanswered Bible Questions; 
The Doctrine of the Trinity & the Bible; 
Lies about Human Nature; 
The Sacrifice of the Mass and more.  
You can listen on-demand at issuesetc.org, the LPR mobile app and your favorite podcast provider.The lawn needs mowing. Please find the Mowing Sign Up List on the bulletin board.The LCMS National Offering has its goal making carefully selected materials available in other languages so that all may hear the Good News of Christ crucified for all people. Translation work is especially important as the communities around our congregations increasingly include people for whom Engilish is not their first language. For more information please visit https://www.lcms.org/convention/noffering. 2023 Lutherans For Life National Conference • October 11-13
Holiday Inn Cincinnati Airport | Erlanger, Kentucky, with visits to the Ark Encounter and Creation Museum
National Conference Early Bird Registration Is Now Open!
Early Bird Registration – $100 through May 31, 2023. Early Bird discounts for adults only.
Register online beginning May 31 https://lutheransforlife.org/conference/We have an App for that! LiC has an App for Smartphones. Goto LiCgm.org scan the QR-Code.Consider a gift to Life in Christ building fund. Help us build our new church! Please indicate “Building Fund” on your check Note.There is a Cradle Role Signup Sheet on the Narthex Table. Please sign up to keep in touch with our infant members, by providing faith resources for them. See Pastor Watt for Questions.Update your membership information for Life in Christ. Visit LiCgm.org/formsPlease sign up for Life in Christ Notifications on Remind.com you will receive important messages about classes, worship services, etc. Set the browser on your phone to remind.com/join/licgmYou can Listen to the Lutheran Witness! Check out their PodCast on KFUO Radio's Web Page: https://www.kfuo.org/category/lutheran-witness/My Savior Lives Northland weekly televised ministry, produced of the in Duluth, Minnesota by the Minnesota North District, LCMS. https://www.mslnorthland.com/home/Please fill out the Prayer request form to request prayers for Sunday Morning.If you need Private Communion for any reason, a pending hospitalization, having a bad week, or you need the gifts that God gives in His Holy Supper. Please know I am available any time. It is part of my Divine Call to this congregation to administer the Sacrament. Call or text to make an appointment or drop in during office hours. I would be glad to help.Please find the Project Sign Up List on the Bulletin Board. Sign up and help keep up the church property.The Manuscripts for Pastor Watt's Sermons are available online.  Go to the Life in Christ web page http://licgm.org and click on "Sermons".Life in Christ Church Work Student Support: Gifts are currently being accepted for our Church Work Student Support fund. These funds go directly to College Students who are members in our congregation and in Church Work Programs. We are currently supporting Eric Saunders. Please specify "Student Fund" on your check.Consider a gift to "Swaddling Clothes" an outreach of Faith Lutheran Church, Silver Bay. It is a place for moms and moms-to-be to find help gathering items that are needed for a new baby. The store is opening February 18.
White wine will be used for the Sacrament during Festival Services (i.e. Christmas, Easter, etc.).  Both red and white were used in ancient times (based on availability) for the celebration of Holy Communion. Theologian A. Jungmann says, "when . . . the use of the purificator became general, that is since the sixteenth century, white wine has become commonly preferred because it leaves fewer traces in the linen." Jesus did not specify the color of the wine used for the sacrament.